This is a tool for transcription and dictation tasks, powered by
Python and Qt. It is intended to be of help whenever an online or
external transcription service can't be used (e.g. due to
constraints given by budget or Ethics protocols).

It combines automated transcription, dictation and text edition
in one single window. Specifically, the main components of the
tool are:

1. A text section (center body), with load/save, undo/redo and
   the usual text edition functionality
2. An audio section (right body) that supports dictating, loading
   and playing various audio formats
3. A plugin section (left body), that includes various
   deep-learning based speech-to-text transcriptors


The steps below illustrate a possible workflow:

1. Load a (potentially very long) audio file containing speech by
   clicking the "Load Audiofile" button. Several audio formats
   are supported. It will be automatically selected when loaded.
2. Play the audio file by clicking on the play button. Ensure
   that the vertical bar (volume) is not at zero.
3. Select the "Speech to text (Silero)" option on the combo box
   at the profile section, and press "Add Profile" to create an
   STT runner. It will also be automatically selected
4. At this point, we have an audio file and an STT runner
   selected. Clicking on the "Run Selected" button will start
   the transcription process by opening a dialog window.
5. Wait until transcription is finished (progress bar should
   advance). When done, results will be presented. Click on
   "Accept" to paste the results at the current location in the
   text editor area.
6. To dictacte, click on "Record Audio" and then "Record" to
   start the recording. Clicking "Accept" will add the recording
   to the audio list.
7. The recorded audio can be transcribed the same way as the
   loaded audio. Some STT profiles may have a record-and-run
   mode. If active, you can skip step 6 altogether: with the
   profile selected, simply press Ctrl+Enter and the recording
   dialog will pop up. Once recorded, transcription will also
   start automatically. This speeds up dictation and correction.


This tool is a prototype. Please see the about section for more
information, or any bug reports/inquiries. Thank you!
